>> Mike North: So
let's talk about places to look for
cross-site scripting vulnerabilities,
cuz it's overwhelming to think that this
could happen across your entire app.
Anywhere you have a WYSIWYG,
which is a really long abbreviation for
what you see is what you get.
So this is the ability to
add rich text as content
to a particular area where you can say,
you can drop an image tag here, right.
Anywhere you have that it is
a potential place where you can start
experimenting and seeing if you can
slip in any of a number of three or
four dozen cross-site
scripting attack techniques.
Embedded content, so if you can drop
an Iframe somewhere or if you can put
an object, right, like a flash embed,
those are cross-site vulnerabilities.
Anywhere users have full control over a
URL, that is a vulnerability potentially,
right, because in much older browsers
you can have a URL that begins with
JavaScript: and then code follows that.
And this is not the current
version of Firefox and Chrome and
Safari, this is older browsers, but
imagine that you've allowed someone
to even have a CSS background image.
And the background image that the user
has selected is JavaScript: and
then some code, yeah,
their image isn't going to render but
by the time people see that it's too late,
right.
Anywhere that input is reflected back,
like, I couldn't find x y z,
right, anywhere that,
whatever the user just typed it sent back.
That is a potential place you could
have a reflected cross-site scripting
vulnerability.
Anywhere query parameters are rendered
into the DOM, that's a typical vector for
a DOM-based cross-site scripting attack.
And then innerHTML,
that's element.innerHTML,
that can be arbitrary HTML, and that's
where you could just add a script tag,
and that is an exceptionally
easy one to exploit.